[DOCS-94] Update per new credit definitions (#130)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: layouts/shortcodes/min-credits-report.md

> We'll write a report for pentests with at least four (4) credits

Author: As suggested by @TheInstaGrahame 

```suggestion
We'll write a report for pentests with at least five (5) credits
```

Author: After discussion with @TheInstaGrahame and @yogipetkar 

```suggestion
We'll write a report for pentests with at least eight (8) credits
```
